We recently learned from the national
security director, a director of U.S.
Director of National Intelligence,
that Iran is funding
and promoting anti-Israel
protests in America.
They want to disrupt America.
So these protesters burn
American flags even on the 4th of July.
And I wish to salute
the fraternity brothers
at the University
of North Carolina
who protected the American flag,
protecting the American flag
against these anti-Israel protesters.
For all we know,
Iran is funding the anti-Israel protests
that are going on
right now outside this building.
Not that many,
but they're there
and throughout the city.
Well, I have a message
for these protesters.
When the tyrants of Tehran
who hang gays from cranes
and murder women
for not covering
their hair are praising,
promoting and funding you.
You have officially become
Iran's useful idiots.
Some of these protesters.
That's amazing.
Absolutely amazing.
Some of these protesters
hold up signs proclaiming gays for Gaza.
They might as well hold up
signs saying chickens for KFC.
These protesters chant
from the river to the sea.
But many don't have a clue what river
and what sea they're talking about.
They not only get an F in geography,
they get an F in history.
They call Israel.
They call Israel a colonialist state.
Don't they know that the land of Israel
is where Abraham, Isaac,
and Jacob prayed?
Where are they on Jeremiah preach,
and where David and Solomon ruled?
For nearly 4000 years.
The land of Israel has been the homeland
of the Jewish people.
It's always been our home.
It will always be our home.
It's not only the campus
protesters who get it wrong.
It's also the people
who run those campuses.
80 years after the Holocaust.
The presidents of Harvard, Penn.
And I'm ashamed to say,
my alma mater, MIT,
couldn't bring themselves
to condemn
the calls for the genocide of Jews.
You remember what they said?
They said it depends on the context.
Well, let me give these
befuddled academics a little context.
anti-Semitism is the world's
oldest hatred.
For centuries.
The massacre of Jews was always preceded
by wild accusations.
We were accused of everything
from poisoning wells
to spreading plagues,
to using the blood
of slaughtered children
to make Passover martyrs.
These preposterous anti-Semitic lies
led to persecution, mass murder,
and ultimately to history's
worst genocide. The Holocaust.
Now, just as malicious
lies were leveled
for centuries at the Jewish people.
Malicious lies
are now being leveled
at the Jewish state.
No, no, don't applaud.
Listen.
The outrageous slanders that paint Israel
as racist and genocidal
are meant to delegitimize Israel,
to demonize the Jewish state,
and to demonize Jews everywhere.
And no wonder,
no wonder we've witnessed
an appalling rise of anti-Semitism
in America and around the world.
My friends,
whenever and wherever we see
the scourge of anti-Semitism,
we must unequivocally condemn it.
And resolute fighting without exception.
And don't be fooled.
When the blood libels
against the Jewish state
come from people who wear
fancy silk robes and speak in lofty tones
about law and justice.
Here's a case in point.
The prosecutor
of the International Criminal Court
has shamefully accused Israel of eight.
Americans are still believed
to being held hostage in Gaza
by the terrorists of Hamas.
Israel
and the United States government believe
that five of those eight are still alive.
Today marks 292 days for parents,
friends and family members
of those hostages
without their loved ones.
Joining us now from Capitol
Hill, Rachel
Goldberg, Poland and John Poland,
they are the parents of the Israeli
American hostage.
Hirsh Goldberg,
Poland,
along with Republican Senator
Joni Ernst of Iowa.
Thanks to all of you for being here.
Rachel, I'll start with you.
You and John attended.
Prime Minister Netanyahu speech.
What was your main takeaway?
Look, as parents of
one of the American eight,
we were saddened.
We were disappointed.
We really wanted to hear
that the Prime Minister
was on the brink of signing this deal,
or that he was going to announce,
I have signed
or we are signing right now,
this first phase of the deal,
just to get some movement going.
And we didn't hear that.
So we are laser focused.
And that's obviously,
as any parent can appreciate
our main objective. We didn't get that.
And so we are
continuing to be broken
and moving forward
and trying to be hopeful and optimistic.
And John,
we interview
a lot of hostage families on this show.
and we've heard from many of them
who believe that
Prime Minister Netanyahu doesn't
actually want a hostage deal
any time soon.
so that the work continues.
He gets to remain prime minister.
I know you're reluctant to wade
into the politics of this,
but what's your assessment of it all?
My assessment is that the
Prime Minister wants to do a deal.
I think he understands
that there could be no victory
without bringing home the hostages.
I think that as the son of an historian
and somebody who himself
appreciates history,
the Prime Minister understands
that his legacy is going to be
very much
shaped by whether or not
he's able to bring home these hostages.
So I know he wants to get this done
as all of the families.
What we're trying to push on
is Doctor King's fierce urgency of now,
and we need this to happen
in the next few days.
We believe there's an opportunity,
and so we hope
that that's going to happen.
And, hopefully today's speech
solidified the support
from both sides of the aisle
that we know has been present,
but that we think that the Prime Minister
is going to take out of Washington
this week,
and it's going to give him the energy
and the
everything he needs to go out
and get this deal done imminently.
Senator Ernst,
Prime Minister
Netanyahu has been accused
of making the speech
just to shore up support,
back home domestically, back in Israel,
he's also been accused of trying
to stoke division in the U.S.
domestically because
obviously his leadership is is,
not universally praised, shall we say?
I think about 80 Democrats from Congress,
did not attend.
Many of them were
meeting with hostage families.
how do you see it all?
Well, I do think it's important
that the Prime minister
lay out for the United States
what his plan is to return
not only the American eight,
but also all of the hostages.
And we also did hear a little bit
about the day after plan, what he hopes
to accomplish
as soon as the war concludes.
I was able to briefly speak with him
after the speech
and asked him, please,
to get the American hostages home
as quickly as possible,
and he did respond
that they are working on it.
and I also think that the United States
needs to shape and influence
where we can.
We should not tell Israel
how to run the war,
but certainly we can shape and influence,
because we cannot forget
that nearly 40 Americans
were killed on October 7th.
Eight of them were taken hostage.
among those hurt.
So we need to do what we can as America
to help Israel
find a way to win this war
and bring our hostages home.
Well, Senator,
given the fact that 40 more than 40
Americans were killed on October
7th and eight
Americans are being held hostage.
What do you make
of the protesters
outside the Capitol today?
I don't know what you saw
in terms of images or video.
but an American flag was burned.
somebody's spray painted on the statue
of Columbus
of Christopher Columbus
outside Union Station.
Hamas is coming with one of those,
red, triangles,
which is a target indication
for Hamas to hit.
these are presumably Americans,
in the street.
what's your reaction?
Well, we do know that Iran funds a number
of these demonstrations
through many means and
and secondary
and tertiary groups
that claim to be maybe nonprofits.
so I would say
Iran is really stoking
the fire here in the United States.
Let's never forget that
they chant death
to Israel as well as death to America.
it's a really sad situation.
I appreciate that
we have our First Amendment
right to to protest,
but to do it
peacefully
and not destroying
other people's property.
so it's really unfortunate
that we see this,
and I think that many of those protesters
don't
fully understand
the loss of American life on October 7th.
They probably have no idea
that eight Americans
are being helped by Hamas.
Hirsh.
We know, was badly
injured by Hamas on October 7th,
and he has yet to be released.
so I would just challenge
those that are out there protesting.
Do they truly know
what they are protesting for
and who they are protesting for?
Rachel, what is it
like for you to see those protesters?
I think,
Senator Ernst, his
interpretation of their ignorance
is some, I'd say, charitable.
what do you think?
Look,
I think part of living in a democracy
is that you have the right
to express your opinions.
And I don't have to agree
with your opinions,
and you don't have to agree
with my opinions.
And I think that that is
part of the vibrancy of living in a place
like America,
where many places in the world,
you don't have that ability
to express yourself.
And I do agree with the senator
that unfortunately,
I think many of the people,
not all,
but many of the people protesting,
don't even understand
the core source and the real,
very textured, complicated background
and history of this conflict.
John, tell us about Hersh.
What do you miss most
about him right now?
So there's so many things
that I miss about Hersh
all day, every day.
But what it boils down to is
I miss what I would call
the simple moments in life
sitting around the dinner table,
sitting at the breakfast table,
just relaxing on the couch at night.
Hersh is a guy who really is
universally liked for,
I would even say loved
by people of all ages.
And it's not because he has a need
to be a big personality
or to take over a room.
He doesn't walk in a room and immediately
make his presence known,
but he, in not a long period of time
after walking
in, will have made his way
into everybody's hearts. And,
we hope we'll be home soon.
And we always say
we're not looking to go to Disney World
or anything big.
We want to get him home,
and we want to relax at home quietly
and with all due respect,
Jake, not be talking to you much more.
Right.
Well, I'm not going to
take offense at that
because I know I know how
you mean it, but,
we're going to keep covering Hersh
and the other four Americans
and the other hostages.
and I know it's not easy to talk about.
I can't imagine what
you're going through, but but thanks to
thanks to you guys.
And thank you, Senator Ernst,
for talking to us today, I appreciate it.
Thank you.
Here are the names of the five
Israeli American hostages
thought to still be alive in Gaza.
20 year old Ethan Alexander.
22 year old Omar Neutra,
23 year old Hirsh Goldberg.
Poland, whose parents
you just heard from
35 year old Siggy Declan and 65 year
old Keith Samuel Segal,
whose wife we interviewed yesterday.
We do all hope that they get home soon
and there is peace in the region.
The Israeli Prime Minister,
Benjamin Netanyahu,
just gave a fiery speech
in front of a U.S.
Congress deeply
divided over the war in Gaza.
That speech earlier today,
our chief
national security correspondent,
Alex Marquardt, is joining us right now.
Alex, as you know,
there was a lot of speculation
about how Partizan
the speech
would be like his speech back in 2015
at Congress.
What happened today?
Well, Wolf,
and that's because that speech
nine years ago was quite bombastic.
And the Obama Biden administration
was furious afterwards.
This time, it was not nearly as Partizan.
There was a lot of thanks for the U.S.
for their support of Israel, particularly
during this war in Gaza.
There was a lot of
thanks for both
President Biden and President Trump.
he spent a lot of time Netanyahu did,
speaking about the hostages
and bringing them home.
Critics of Netanyahu say
that he's not doing
nearly enough to bring them
home, in fact, that he's delaying it.
I have just learned, Wolf,
from a source that there are talks about,
getting the negotiations
back up and running early next week
with the top mediators,
including the CIA director, Bill Burns.
Now, as Netanyahu was speaking,
protests were raging on
the streets of Washington.
And we've seen these
anti-Israel protests for months.
Netanyahu painted these
anti-Israel protesters
as supporters of Hamas and pawns of Iran.
Take a listen.
I think that
I think many anti-Israel protesters,
many choose to stand with evil.
They stand with Hamas.
They stand with rapists and murderers.
You have officially become
Iran's useful idiots.
Useful idiots.
That's going to be one of the phrases
remembered from this speech.
Now he is referencing newly released U.S.
intelligence that says
that Iran has been cementing
and financing some of these anti
anti-Israel protests here in the U.S.
but that intelligence,
notably Wolf, goes on to say
that Americans
who participate in
these protests are in good faith,
expressing their views
on the conflict in Gaza.
Now, Netanyahu also pushed
back on the civilian death toll
and the lack of aid
for Palestinians in Gaza.
Take a listen to this.
Despite
all the lies you've heard,
the war in Gaza
has one of the lowest ratios
of combatants
to noncombatants
casualties
in the history of urban warfare.
If there are Palestinians in Gaza
who aren't getting enough food, it's
not because Israel is blocking it.
It's because Hamas is stealing it.
Now, Wolf, a bit of a fact check there.
The the death toll in Gaza
is believed to be close to 40,000,
even if we take out the number of Hamas
militants.
Israel has argued
that they have killed some 14,000.
The civilian death
toll is still more than 1%
of the overall population of Gaza,
likely higher.
That is shockingly high, Wolf.
As far as the aid goes, U.S.
officials continue to argue that it is
Israel's military operation
that makes it very difficult
for the aid to be distributed,
and has caused a breakdown
in the security in the Gaza Strip.
Wolf.
Jonathan, you came from this address.
You were in the hall in the,
the House chamber.
What was your impression of the speech?
Knowing that he had multiple audiences
there?
Yeah, it was pretty extraordinary, Diana.
I mean, to be there
in the chamber watching
Prime Minister Netanyahu deliver
those remarks were few things
that stood out for me.
Number one, it was a unity message.
Like, literally,
you had Democrats and Republicans
standing up and applauding.
You know,
I thought there was going to be
lots of empty seats.
There simply weren't.
It was a pretty full house.
And he complimented
President Biden and praised him,
as Jamie said, and
of President Trump
of the Abraham Accords.
So he was sort of finding a way to praise
both sides.
That's number one.
Number two,
he talked about anti-Semitism.
He talked about what's happening
on our college campuses,
what's happening in the streets,
and how that is not just about protesting
policies of the government.
You're seeing people going
after Zionists
and Jews and literally
while he was speaking outside
the Capitol,
you had people
burning American flags
in front of Union Station.
I saw signs
as I came over here to the studio.
People saying things like,
any resistance is justified.
I mean, comparing that
those kind of that kind of language,
when you think about the babies
who were burned
and the women who were raped.
So he talked about that.
That was important.
And then thirdly,
I think he laid out a path forward.
He talked about hostages
and the needs to get them home.
They talked about what a future
could look like
for Israel and a demilitarized Gaza,
like a vision of peace.
That, to me was really quite welcome.
But there are a lot of
dozens of Democrats boycotted the speech,
didn't show up.
A lot of those seats
where the Democrats
would have been seated
were congressional staffers
just showing up.
They're sitting there.
You know,
there may have been some empties,
but I watched Hakeem Jeffries
stand and applaud.
I watched Chuck Schumer
I watched almost every Democratic senator
stand and applaud.
So I hear what you're saying.
But I got to say,
I saw unity in that room.
I saw him try to appeal to both sides,
and I saw
people from both parties respond.
What you
what you do at
the ADL is try to stamp out hate.
Of course, anti-Semitism,
some hate against racism, phobia,
Islamophobia, racism, all of it.
How do you think that
Netanyahu's attempt to do that in
his speech is going to play?
I mean, I was getting a text from,
one American Jew
who said, okay,
it's fine
to call people useful idiots,
but how about,
like, a slight nod to people
who are genuinely upset about the,
what's happening in Gaza?
Well, I, I'm not.
And understanding
that you're also seeing
the signs that you just described,
which is just plain hate.
And he talked about the director
of national intelligence
acknowledging a few weeks ago
that Iran is involved in these protests,
something we've been seeing NATO
for a long time.
But he did something very interesting.
Diana, before
the speech really got started.
He called out some of the folks
that he had brought over
as part of his delegation,
including, for example,
a Bedouin soldier.
Which was interesting cause
I think most Americans don't realize
there are Israeli Muslims in the IDF.
Many had an Ethiopian Israeli soldier
who ran eight miles on October the 7th.
So I point this out
because he demonstrated
the diversity of Israeli society.
I think you pointed this out earlier
in a way that surprised a lot of people.
He could have come with
just decorated Jewish veterans.
He didn't do that.
He brought a more diverse delegation.
And I think that sends a message.
I just
to push back
just a little bit
about about all the unity.
You know, several Israelis
from both sides of the aisle
were texting me during the speech.
And what I heard from them
is that that was, in effect,
a very celebratory speech.
that really does not fit
and that there is an alternate
reality on the ground
that's going on
both in Gaza and in Israel.
As we know,
in the north,
60,000 plus Israelis, are displaced.
There has been an extraordinary impact
on the economy.
And then, of course,
there is the devastating reality
of the number of deaths in Gaza.
Palestinians, the humanitarian disaster.
So, he had a welcome
audience there today, but he did ignore
what I'm hearing from Israelis
is a very dire reality on the ground.
Look,
there is no question
that that is an incredibly
difficult situation.
And every civilian life
lost is a tragedy.
Every Palestinian
woman or child
who is killed inadvertently,
no matter what the IDF tries to do,
that is a tragedy.
We should mourn every
one of those deaths.
But he talked about, for example,
the dire situation in Gaza
and how they are trying
to bring in supplies.
He talked about the situation
in the North, like you're pointing out,
and the need to bring those people
back to their homes,
60 or 80,000 Israelis.
And he talked about the need
to bring the hostages home.
I know
at ADL, again,
we're folks at fighting aid here at home,
but we all wear the dog tags
because we want these civilians,
these innocent people back.
Including, by the way, doesn't have a
I think
maybe it's eight Americans at this point.
So I think he tried to address
that, Jamie.
But look, if you've lost a child,
if you are,
I think about my friends,
the Poland I was with the Nazis
before we came on.
Their their sons are both held in Gaza.
I can't even begin to grasp
the unspeakable pain
they deal with every day.
We have got to get those kids home.
So I hope they get a deal very fast.
So we can see on air.
And we can see Hersh back
home, safe and sound.
And all the hostages, once and for all.
Hope there's a deal
that will bring those hostages
home as quickly as possible.
Jonathan Greenblatt, thanks very much.
Jamie, thanks to you as well.
I want to go to CNN's Miguel Marquez.
He's been covering the demonstrators
out there in the streets of Washington.
Jamie, give us a sense
of what's been going on.
lots and lots of
demonstrators and protesters
throughout the Capitol
around the Capitol building.
But I want to show you
all of the here at Union Station.
This is the remnants of one U.S.
flag that was burned here
over in the distance.
So you can see the the ashes there.
That's the remnants of another flag.
I want to show you
sort of the bell over here, though.
The liberty, the copy of the Liberty Bell
that's out in front of the station
that's been covered in graffiti.
And then the Columbus Memorial
has also been covered in graffiti here.
And, Jonathan,
if you can show all three of U.S.
flags on the three flagpoles,
massive flagpoles out in front of Union
Station have been pulled down
and Palestinian flags
have been put up in their place.
Most of the protesters
a few dozen,
maybe 100 or so, still gathered here.
Most of the protesters have left,
but you can see the number
of police officers
in front of Union Station.
And I'm looking over
to across the way here.
And there are lots of
police with shields now
and heavy vehicles.
So it looks like
most of the protesters are leaving
and police will come back in
and bring this place back to order.
Well,
all right, Miguel,
let's hope it's peaceful over there.
Bigo Marquez reporting for us.
Thanks very much. Now.
Thank you so much.
And with us
now is Republican Senator
John Thune of South Dakota.
Senator,
thank you so much for being here.
Really great to see you
and to have you here.
first, generally speaking, your reaction
to Prime Minister Netanyahu's remarks,
strong speech.
And, as as is
usually the case with,
the Prime minister,
very well articulated.
and I thought he
he hit all the right points.
Dan, I think the one thing that he needs
to do for people in this country
and for that matter, people,
all around the world,
is connect the dots back to Iran.
And the fact that Israel
is the only thing standing
between Iran and the United States,
which they consider
to be the great Satan.
And so Iran is behind
all the mining activities in that region.
whether it's Hezbollah
in the, in the north
or the Houthis in Yemen,
or Hamas, right there in the Gaza Strip.
But I thought he was really effective
in in that in particular.
And also articulating a vision
of what it could like,
could look like in the future
if you had an integrated Middle East
and a radicalized, demilitarized,
Gaza and that,
of course, means that you've got to
get rid and eliminate Hamas.
I want to get back to
what you were just talking about.
Back to the Prime Minister's
speech in a second.
I'm not sure if you were able
to hear our reporter, Miguel Marquez,
who was talking about
the protesters outside.
Specifically, he was reporting on
and showing,
the American flag being lowered,
the Palestinian flag being raised.
We even saw some red triangles.
we're showing it now.
I don't know if you can see it,
but we even saw some red triangles
on some of the statues.
what's your reaction to that?
Well, I think it's it's disgraceful.
It's, shameful
and the kind of thing that we shouldn't
see in this country.
But again,
as the Prime Minister pointed out
today, a lot of these activities
that are happening here
in the United States,
Iran is behind them.
They are trying to create
tumult and instability and chaos and,
use in fueling all these protests
and the violence, particularly
the anti-Semitic violence
in this country.
that's Iranian activity.
And that's why they have to be stopped,
and that's
why it's so important
that we continue to support Israel,
including, as the Prime minister said,
give us the tools faster
and we will finish the job.
they've got to get this, this thing
over with and,
and send a clear statement to the world
that this kind of behavior
and the kind of thing
that we're seeing right here in the U.S.
and right here in this city today,
just can't be tolerated.
Senator,
one of Prime Minister Netanyahu's
predecessors, Ehud Barak,
who we understand
and we should tell our viewers
who might not know, is
not from the same party
as Prime Minister Netanyahu.
but nonetheless, he has somebody he's
somebody who has been intimately involved
in trying to get to peace.
He almost got there,
when Bill Clinton
had him
and Yasser Arafat in 2000,
here in the United States,
he said
very, very strongly
and very clearly to Wolf
that he does not believe
that Prime Minister Netanyahu
actually wants to end the war
because it would mean
the end
of his own political viability at home.
And that might even mean,
that hostages stay longer.
Are you concerned about
I mean, you're politician.
You understand what's going on in Israel?
Are you concerned about the notion
that Bibi Netanyahu
isn't trying as hard
as he can to get this deal because of
his own concerns about his own future?
I don't think that
I've met with him in Israel.
I've met with, Ehud Barak in Israel,
previously as well.
And obviously they have
political differences there.
But those aside,
my sense coming out of this was is
he is desperate to end this
because this is putting the lives
of Israeli citizens
at risk every single day.
He continued to bring back to Iran,
the country that is,
by all accounts, funding and supporting
not just, Hamas in Gaza, but Hezbollah,
in the north, in Lebanon and,
the Houthis.
So this is
this was
another really important over
arching theme, you know, that Netanyahu,
understandably, has been obsessed
with the the growth and the strength
and the determination of Iran
to eradicate Israel.
And what he did here
was to continue to connect
for an American audience
and an Israeli audience.
But Israel
doesn't need to be educated on this,
but more for an American audience
that Iran isn't just out for Israel.
Iran is out for American
to topple American democracy.
No. That's right.
And he called the protesters
Iranians useful idiots.
Relish going
after, the protesters,
saying that they didn't
realize did not know the history.
You know the context,
know how oppressive
the Iranian regime is.
And he relished it.
I mean, this was,
you know, he was going
after these protesters, going after,
the leaders of some of these schools.
He called them befuddled, academics.
We're ten months into this conflict.
We're 100 days out
from a presidential election.
In some ways,
the conflict has fallen off the radar
of many Americans.
It's going to start back up, right.
If you think about what's happening
in the context
of some of these campus protesters,
they're going to go, back to school.
There's going to be a DNC convention
in Chicago,
expected to be a lot of protesters there.
So this is very much
going to be top of mind,
heading into this election.
And we don't quite know.
We don't have,
you know, an idea
yet of what
Trump would really do in office.
It's something he hasn't really detailed.
And we also don't know,
what a Kamala
Harris administration would do
and how that would be different
from a Biden administration.
Think of that reception
he received in the Congress.
So that was powerful.
It was powerful. Listen.
And these are Republicans
mostly, a lot of the Democrats income,
although some Democrats were there
and they were standing up and cheering.
And listen, there is a sense,
that Americans do
need to be more educated
on what's going on
there, on the history of anti-Semitism,
on the ways
in which,
anti-Semitic Semitic tropes
led to the Holocaust.
And so there was a teachable
moments, right?
when he was trying to educate people
in terms of the history.
Jeremy Diamond is in Israel.
And, Jeremy,
I wanted to ask you about the hostages.
And I talked to right before this speech
to the parents of one of the,
Israeli and American hostages.
Don Alexander.
And there were they the parents?
Were there other family
members of hostages were there?
We didn't.
We did see the Prime minister.
call out some of them,
acknowledge some of them.
And then when it comes
to the big question that they all have,
when are my family members
going to come home? He did promise that.
But just like David
and Barack were saying, not a lot
knew that.
We heard from him
about getting to that point
with a deal with Hamas,
with the help of Qatar and America.
Yeah, that's right,
that I think
the Israeli prime
minister paid a lot of lip service
to the issue of the hostages.
He talked about it
during a section of his speech.
But if you look
at the overall context of the speech,
the overall content of what
the Israeli prime minister said,
he talked far, far
more about achieving victory
in this war against Hamas,
about destroying Hamas's
military capabilities and,
vowing we will fight
until we achieve victory.
He said some, a phrase
like that
a few different times
throughout the speech.
He talked about that
far more than he did.
This ceasefire agreement, which U.S.
officials, as well as Israeli officials
have indicated to me in recent
days, is very much within reach.
One official actually told me
that it's now up to Israel,
and it's now up to the Israeli prime
minister, effectively, to decide
whether or not he actually wants a deal.
And as Barack was saying there,
the Israeli prime
minister has told his delegation
to hold off on traveling,
to, meet with the mediators
and share Israel's
latest response
until after
he meets with President Biden tomorrow,
effectively pushing off,
that trip by the delegation
most likely until after Shabbat.
So that would probably be on Sunday.
But I think beyond that, Dan,
I think what we also need to do here
is fact
check a few key
things that the Israeli Prime
Minister said
because he made several claims here
that attempted
to not only defend the Israeli
military's conduct in Gaza,
but that also flew in the face of
many of the facts on the ground
when he was talking about,
the ICC's claim
that Israel is starving people of Gaza.
You know, he
he talked about big numbers of aid
getting in.
But there is just very,
very clear evidence.
You talk to any humanitarian organization
that actually works on the ground
in Gaza, the United Nations.
And even when you look at Israel
in the way
that they have turned on
and back off the faucet of aid to Gaza,
there is clear evidence
that Israel has not always allowed enough
aid in that.
They have not done enough
to conflict militarily,
to provide safe routes
for that aid to get in.
And you also have to remember that
ministers, members of his
of Netanyahu's own government
called for starving the people of Gaza
in the earliest days of the war.
Then he also made this
frankly laughable claim
that there are practically
no civilians who were killed in Rafah.
I can think of several strikes
in which civilians were killed.
So that just doesn't
even pass the smell test.
And then he once again cited,
this West Point
expert, John Spencer, claiming
that Israel has the lowest
civilian casualty ratio.
You talk to any other expert
on the conduct of militaries in warfare,
including how the United States
has carried out its campaigns.
And they will all say that
Israel has not taken,
nearly as many precautions
as most modern militaries do,
in warfare in Gaza.